You are a strong woman.
You can do it, darling!
Come on.
Push it.
Hold on, ma'am.
Just a little bit more.
Nine centimeters dilated.
We can see the head, sir.
Honey!
-Honey--
-Please, hold on.
Honey, come here.
-Yes, I'm here.
-Honey…
What should we do?
No more dialogue.
Andara hasn't sent it yet.
-We haven't received any?
-No, none.
-Regulate your breathing.
-Now, breathe…
Take a breath.
Just a little more, keep breathing.
Hold on, ma'am.
-Hold on. Take a breath.
-Relax.
Hurry, I have a deadline!
Take a breath.
Who's calling?
Sastra, the director.
Pick it up. Just pick it up!
-You sure?
-Yes!
I'm sorry, please don't.
We're in active labor now.
We can see the head.
Please be patient.
Please focus, okay?
-So sorry, Doc.
-Don't.
-This is urgent, Doc. So urgent!
-Yeah.
-Pick it up!
-Hold on. Be patient.
-Put it here! Hello, hello, hello.
-Don't pick…
Yes, sir?
What happened to
the haunted house scene?
Are we putting the devil child
into the scene?
Put him back in!
Write it down. Put him back in.
Ma'am, the head is already visible.
It's almost here.
No way back in.
We can't return a baby.
We can't do it.
No, it's about work.
Okay, sure.
What about the reaction?
Run away!
-The devil's child!
-What?
Oh, my God, ma'am. This is yours
and your husband's, not the devil's child.
Andara, where the hell are you?
I'm in labor.
She's in labor! She's giving birth!
New baby arrived!
My grandchild was just born!
What is it?
My grandchild was born.
Fill out the form.
That's not important.
Raja Partogi Gultom,
the one who gave birth recently.
What are you doing? Hurry up!
-Counter 1 over there.
-It's you.
It's all because of you.
You make things difficult.
You ugly thing!
Congratulations, here's your baby.
A healthy boy.
All his organs are perfect.
You can hold him.
But, please don't put him back in.
-Congratulations, ma'am.
-Thank you, Doctor.
Thank you, nurse.
Thank you, dear.
Thank God.
Which one?
Which one is my grandchild?
This one?
Or this one?
Look at his face.
This one looks like Raja.
Which one?
Read the name for me!
Wait a minute.
This one.
Mrs. Andara Respati,
Mr. Raja Partogi Gultom.
But there's no baby there.
Where's my grandchild?
-My grandchild is missing.
-What?
-My grandchild is missing!
-No, he's not missing.
Police!
-My grandchild is missing!
-Stop making noise!
My grandchild is missing!
Maybe the mother is breastfeeding
the baby in the room.
Why are you so slow?
Just relax, will you?
This is it.
-Is this the right room?
-Yes, it is.
Move aside.
Where's my grandchild?
-Mom.
-Where?
-It's a boy.
-Mom.
You!
Where is your brain?
You just gave birth.
You should look after your child first.
I'll trash this laptop eventually!
-What are you?
-Mom, stop.
Move aside!
-Congratulations, Andara.
-Thank you, Auntie.
Move your hands away.
-What kind of person are you?
-Mom.
Shut up.
She has to understand.
I'm surprised.
She just gave birth, but she's working
instead of resting.
Raja, please don't forget.
Your father's wish.
You have to name him Nicholas,
okay, son?
Yes, Mom.
My grandson is so handsome!
You look just like your grandpa.
-Yes.
-Excuse me.
I'm returning the things she threw.
-Okay.
-This one as well.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
Sis, your bun.
Where did you get it from?
-You threw it away earlier.
-Just put it on my head.
Don't move.
Why does it smell? What is it?
Is that from your hands?
My hands don't smell.
How dare you!
No, it doesn't smell.
Hey, how dare you!
Or I'll grab your hair.
Blow out the candle
Blow out the candles right now
Right now, right now
Happy Birthday.
-Happy Birthday!
Awesome!
Now, let's take a picture!
Let's do it.
-Let's get ready.
-Face this way.
One moment my phone.
Let's take a picture.
What happened?
Come on, let's make it good.
Gather to the middle.
Everyone.
Let's pose like this.
Let's do it everyone.
What's this outfit?
You're wearing the wrong costume.
This is a frog party.
-We're using frog costumes.
-Well, you don't look like a frog.
-Look at our costumes.
-Come on, look at Nicho.
Go away! You need to separate yourself
from us.
-Switch!
-You get in there.
Now it's your turn. Quick!
-All green now.
-Okay, okay.
Move a bit,
so I can get in the picture.
That's more like it.
I'll count.
One, two, three.
-You're the very froggy one, smile.
-Shut up!
One, two, three.
That's enough.
Go to take more pictures with Nicho.
Here's your phone.
What do you mean by that?
-Look, these are our pictures.
-Come here, Grandma.
-Go on take more pictures with Mom.
-Let's do it.
Why is the event so dull?
Not festive, not crowded.
Like in the forest.
Nicho's mom, you work in entertainment.
You should invite all the models
and actress.
Not too quiet like this.
That's enough, Mom.
Let this be a family event.
No need to be so hedonistic.
But remember, Raja.
For my birthday,
I want to throw a huge party.
Not like this. As quiet as a grave.
Hey, Nicho's mom.
Pay it all back.
The cooking gas, electricity expenses.
Okay?
Pay everything back.
Yes, Mom.
For my body lotion as well.
My skin is getting dry.
There's no need for you
to use body lotion.
Just let your skin flake.
Or just use old cooking oil.
Don't forget that your hair
is full of lice.
You can use lamp oil, okay?
So annoying.
I'm not happy about this!
A lot of work, dear?
Honey…
When can we have our own house?
I want to be free.
I don't want to be constantly
controlled by your mother.
Even Nicho's birthday,
your mother organized that, too.
I know.
Do we have to be frogs every year?
I'm Nicho's mother. I want to organize
my son's birthday party in my own way.
I know what you mean.
But Nicho also likes that costume.
But we are the frogs, right?
Yeah.
Do you remember
Nicho's first birthday?
What did we do?
Became tadpoles.
And this year?
Frogs.
So what does that mean?
Metamorphosis?
Honey, please.
Let's just buy a house.
You know
I made three million for each episode.
In a month I can earn 90 million.
My savings are enough to buy us a house.
Please, honey.
Dear…
Be patient.
You knew it from the beginning.
We can't leave this house.
I inherited it from my father.
And what about my Mom?
If we leave, she'll be all alone.
Do I look impatient to you?
Every day, it's always the same problem
all over again.
I'm not a good daughter-in-law,
not a good wife for you,
not even a good mother for Nicho.
I can't cook, I woke up late,
I can't take care of my son's meals.
I'm so tired.
We have to follow your mother's ways.
I'm a bad daughter-in-law to her.
Dear.
For me,
you are the best wife and the best mother.
Please, be patient.
Take a rest, dear.
Calm yourself down.
Where is Nicho?
I can't find him. It's too hot now.
Maria Marcedes, my dear flower.
Have you seen Nicho?
You too, you are no less beautiful.
Even with your yellow color,
but I like you, Penelope.
You are so beautiful, but have you seen
my grandson here?
Have you?
My dear Rosalinda,
a more beautiful name
than the others, but I love you all.
Have you seen Nicho?
Look at her.
I've told her to get treatment,
but she doesn't want to.
It's impossible for her to get treatment.
She's crazy, you know.
You're the biggest one here, right?
Have you seen Nicho?
-Frog, have you seen Nicho?
-Poor her.
Yeah, poor frog.
Why the frog?
She is.
The frog's calm.
Suddenly, she's talking to it.
-She's the pitiful one.
-Hey!
Yes, Auntie.
You guys are so busy chatting away.
Where's Nicho?
Have you seen him?
No, I haven't.
What are you doing there then?
We are working.
Look for him then!
Do we have to?
-Find him. You'd better not fail me.
-Okay.
-Or I'll break your legs.
-Gosh!
-Don't dawdle like a bride and groom!
-Well, we're husband and wife.
You two are no bride and groom.
You guys fight nonstop.
And you. You look out of shape.
Go find him!
-Yes, Aunty.
-You're too slow.
-Hurry up!
-Yes.
Find him.
Or I'll send you back to Bukit Barisan.
What a cruel person.
Shut up!
Go on, then.
-Nicho! Let's find him. Nicho!
-Nicho, where are you?
Are you here?
Or here maybe?
-Nicho!
-Are you hiding behind the frog?
Come here.
-I'm so tired of looking for Nicho.
-My goodness, madame.
Easy there.
Here you go.
Here, let's fuel up first.
What! Did you just give me fuel?
Do you want to burn my face?
This is water from seven mountain springs.
Who do you think you are?
A power generator?
You should've said that was the water
from those seven mountains.
-Be polite to me!
-So unclear, I still have work to do.
Sis, you're so naive.
That's what happens when you
just play around, dance, and shop.
You've got nothing in your head.
Look at me.
I read two books a week.
What have you got from that?
You're single.
How dare you give me advice?
You don't have a husband either.
He's no longer here.
I just haven't met anyone on my level yet.
When I meet him, he'll be my husband.
-You talk a lot.
-So what?
-Should I inject your tongue?
-Oh, you're just distracting me.
Take off your glasses,
so you can see my face.
Mom, stop it!
Think first before you speak.
You just say whatever you want.
Hey, Mom, it's time to eat.
-You live under my roof!
-My dearest Mom, that's enough. Come on.
Stupid.
-You stupid one.
-You're the stupidest.
Stop saying that or I'll punch you.
Let's have a breakfast.
-Stop it! I'm hungry. Just eat.
-It's her!
Stop acting like a child.
She doesn't respect me at all.
Stop it.
Let's eat first.
My cooking's good, huh?
Awesome.
-Get some of those.
-Of course.
Move your glass.
-What do you want, Mom?
-Let me get it myself.
Hey, where's your wife?
Still working.
She's busy.
She's always working.
What's this?
We're all supposed to eat here together.
Why don't you get some rest?
Yes, but I want to see Nicho first.
Where is he?
Hey!
Cook something for your husband.
Look at him.
He's starving.
That's my cooking.
Mom, it's still early.
You never cook.
He eats whatever I put on this table.
Mom, you know I have a lot of work to do.
And if he wants to eat,
we can order food online.
Listen to you, so full of wisdom.
Ordering food online?
He wants a home-cooked meal
from his own wife! That is our tradition.
Enough, Mom.
She's busy.
Just eat or you'll get sick.
Raja, you also work.
But you can manage your time.
And here she is.
Come on.
Let's eat first.
Dig in.
It's delicious, right?
You can't even cook like this.
All you do is work.
So busy.
Seriously!
Mom, please don't.
Enough!
That's my job, Mom.
I have a deadline.
This is my house!
You can't use your phone while eating.
That's our tradition.
These are the rules of my house.
No matter what,
you have to follow the rules.
Understand?
Yes, Mom.
-Don't make me repeat myself!
-Yes, Mom.
You're stressing me out!
Grandma!
My dear grandson, where have you been?
Why are you so wet?
Who threw you in?
It was him who threw me in.
How dare you?
He jumped on his own.
There's no way he's lying!
Don't lie.
No more of your deceit here.
-Right.
-You're messing around.
Let's clean yourself up.
Hey, listen.
-This floor is dirty.
-Yes, we know.
If you don't clean it, it'll get slippery.
My grandson might fall on it
and I'll finish you.
-I'll end you!
-Okay, we'll do it.
-Go away.
-Yes, Auntie.
Let's take a shower.
Honey, let's hit the shower.
What are you saying?
All right, let's go.
Excuse us.
I'm going, Mom.
Let's go. Hey!
Why did you run away?
There must be someone waiting.
You're just like your father,
so handsome.
You have to say goodbye to me first.
-Study hard. Don't be naughty.
-Yes, Grandma. Bye!
All right. Bye, Grandma!
Your wife should've taken him to school,
not you.
Come on, Mom.
She's busy.
Go easy on her. Stop pushing her, okay?
What does she do?
Staying in her room 24 hours,
like a bride to be.
Seeing her upsets me.
Enough, Mom.
I have to go.
-All right then. Be careful.
-Sure.
Don't forget, today my friends and I
will be practicing dance here.
Find another place.
Why?
You know I don't like your friends.
They're all consumptive.
I need to go.
Whatever.
What is he saying, that "consump-tive"?
It's so hard
to understand kids these days.
Oh, wait!
You scared me, Mom!
Raja, do you have money to buy me a piano?
My friend bought a piano yesterday.
I want it too.
Mom, please.
You can't even play the piano.
Don't be jealous of your friends.
You think I can't play the piano?
I can cook, sing, anything.
-I can even do somersaults. Want to see?
-No!
No, Mom. No need, Mom.
I don't have the money
like father used to give you.
Mom, you don't even need it.
Why are you like this?
You asked for a crocodile leather bag
the other day as well.
Why are talking about crocodiles now?
You always jealous of your friends.
Enough. It's dangerous.
Fine.
-I'm late, Mom.
-Then go.
You're stingy.
Aren't you annoyed by your mother-in-law?
She wants to manage everything.
I'd have been gone by now if I were you.
That's exactly what I want, Auntie.
But will she ever let her son to do that?
Come on!
If I were you, I'd be so mad.
If it weren't because of Raja,
I'd have already left this house.
But it seems like you're only allowed
to leave once you get married.
If not, it's impossible.
I don't know.
I want to be married.
But God hasn't sent me my soulmate yet.
But if you and Raja were to leave,
could I come with you?
Go where?
There's Nicho and Raja.
How can we possibly leave this house?
That's her happiness.
Don't be so obedient.
How dare he?
I only asked for a piano, not a mountain.
My friends always get what they want.
You want to buy a piano?
No, I don't need it.
It's okay, Mom.
Let me buy it for you.
-Are you serious?
-Of course.
You don't have to do that.
Don't worry.
All right, then.
-It's 50 million, anyway.
-Correct, Mom.
What is this?
You can't even make a coffee?
Let me teach you, okay?
Yes, Mom.
You're like a cash machine to her.
Stop staying yes.
She didn't even say thanks.
It's fine, Auntie.
As long as she's happy.
Tie and chair. Tie…
What does that mean?
I think the app's broken.
-Stupid app.
-Sir.
What trash.
Sir!
-What is it, Sum?
-Do you even have ears?
-What?
-You're too straight-forward, Sum.
Oh, my goodness.
I know I'm sweet, but not like this.
Oh, please.
You smell like a wet towel.
Not my favorite.
-Let me tell you something.
-A wet towel?
-What's that called?
-Hey!
-How dare you?
-You're dead.
She tried to kiss me.
If I were a homewrecker, I'd be picky,
I'd choose the neighbor, he's rich.
Just say you want my husband.
I have some news.
What news?
In this house, there's a bomb
that's about to explode.
-Bomb?
So that bomb…
Honey!
Why didn't you take me?
It's a bomb, honey!
Yeah, it's about to explode!
Hey, what's wrong?
Hey!
Hey! I wanted to tell some hot news.
Why did you run away? Whatever.
What else do you want me
to change, sir?
So I can revise it at once.
Oh, gosh. That scene where the police
are chasing them.
Why do you have to make them
jump into the lake? Huh?
You know, the lake is dangerous.
Tons of poisonous snakes in there.
Don't put my actors through that!
-Daddy…
-Bye, Daddy.
-I'll call you later, okay?
-Okay, see you.
-Bye Daddy.
-Bye.
Did you hear that?
They called me Daddy.
I'm like a parent to them.
So, if anything happens to them…
I'm the one who has
to cover the hospital costs.
I'm going to lose so much! Come on.
I see.
Then I'll just make them fall and roll.
And they get caught.
Whatever. Change it to whatever you want.
Just don't make them
jump into the lake, okay?
You scratch my back,
and I'll scratch yours.
Just don't be late.
Yes, I'll send you
the revision straight away, sir.
Yes, immediately, sir.
Hey, did you hear that?
Was it good?
Very good, sir.
What did I say?
What's good?
All you do is eat.
My son.
Raja, come here.
This is my handsome son, Raja.
-Hey, Raja.
-Hi, Raja.
Hi, Raja.
What is it, Mom?
I'm so happy today.
These people are my friends.
We're practicing for my birthday.
Can't you find another place?
Come here.
The one with long hair and wearing gold.
She just had facial surgery.
I want to have a face like that.
So, I can look like her.
-You're jealous?
-She's beautiful and I'm ugly.
Mom, come on. Why are you like this?
You are already beautiful.
Stop it, Mom.
That's why Dad like
and fell in love with you.
Come on.
You are indeed stingy.
I don't have the money, Mom.
My son said I'm still beautiful.
But I'm turning 50 soon.
-Are you for real?
-I don't believe it.
You're still young and beautiful.
What do you think?
Hey, want to look as good as me?
Go to Korea for surgery!
So we'll look like 25 years old.
But if it's still like this,
it's not healed yet.
Fresh out of surgery.
If you want to look young,
you have to be like me.
-All right.
-Let's dance again.
-Let's practice one more time!
-Let's do it.
Dear.
Mom is so noisy.
I can't concentrate.
But you bought her a piano.
Then what can I do?
Why did you buy it?
I'm sorry, dear.
She demanded a lot from you.
She has a lot of money.
I gave all my money to her.
I'm sick of all her friends.
Dancing around like that.
Just let them be. Be patient.
Her happiness is all that matters.
What is this?
I don't see anyone around.
Are they crazy?
They don't even know it's my birthday.
Honey, can you hear my voice?
This house is so quiet, like a graveyard.
Honey…
No "happy birthday."
What is this?
Don't just stare at me!
You're such a crybaby.
Your face is so ugly.
Go wipe it with a handkerchief.
My heart aches, my beloved flowers.
No one remembered my birthday today.
My fish, may you always be
happy together.
And me…
No one remembers my birthday.
I'm so sad.
Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday, happy birthday
I thought you guys forgot my birthday.
How can we?
Maybe I'll be in nursing home soon.
How could we forget?
-Blow out the candles, Mom.
-Let's blow out the candles.
Happy birthday, Mom.
Happy birthday, sis.
Let's take a picture.
Hello, sir.
Yes. How is it going? All right.
Smile! Show your yellow teeth.
More.
-What should I wear tonight?
-Hi, Mom.
Hey, where have you been?
Why are you smiling?
-What kind of present do you want?
-My dear son.
Sit down first.
I don't need birthday presents.
Are you sure?
As long as you're here, I'm good.
The important thing is
stay with me, okay?
-I'm getting old, you know.
-I know.
-And don't forget…
-What is it?
I want to celebrate my birthday here,
tonight.
With all my friends,
also my other old friends.
Why the long face?
It's okay, right?
Come on, Mom.
Let's just celebrate with family.
Which restaurant? Just name it.
But just us.
You don't understand your mother well.
Your mom is different from your wife.
She just stays at home, like a laying hen.
I've never seen her going out.
Please understand me.
You know she's working.
Whatever you say.
I've got a headache.
Leave Andara out of this.
Going somewhere?
-It's cold.
-Don't forget to buy me a sponge cake.
Delicious and big.
As big as Lake Toba and Samosir Island.
Don't forget, okay?
I'll get you as big as
the island of Kalimantan?
My dear son.
He's always joking around.
Donda!
We love you!
-Let me take it off. Be patient.
-Hurry up!
Happy birthday!
Happy birthday, darling.
Okay, Donda, Donda.
What is it?
Okay.
These shoes are not comfortable.
Look at your auntie.
-Okay.
-Turn slowly.
It's so heavy too. What's in it?
I have no idea, it's heavy.
On the count of three,
open your eyes, okay Donda?
Are you ready?
One, two…
Three.
What is this?
What is this? I'm scared.
Oh, my goodness gracious.
Apparently this is a living doll.
Hello, sir?
Yes.
I just got home.
Let's go, Nicho.
Yes, sir.
I'll send it straight away.
Mom, I need to pee.
Yes, dear. Let's go.
And then we go to sleep, okay?
This event is for adults.
-Hurry up, Mom. Can't hold it anymore.
-All right.
Mom!
What the hell is this?
How did my mother's birthday party
turn into such a tacky affair?
Why?
You don't need to shout like that.
This is just for fun.
Just for fun?
Don't forget that
you are a mother and a wife.
Dad's no longer here,
but you should have some self-respect.
I thought you were loyal.
But what?
Watch your mouth.
I'm still loyal to your father.
And this is just a birthday party.
This is indeed your birthday party,
but not like this.
Honey, let's go.
Don't embarrass your mother
in front of people like this.
You're the one who threw away
your own dignity.
Do you know that?
Watch your mouth!
I know.
Because I'm defending you.
For those of you
used to this kind of trash,
don't you dare bring my mother into it.
Got it!
Honey…
Honey.
And you.
Yes, you.
Don't you have any better job than this?
I'm here because I was invited.
Invited?
Enough, honey, let's go inside.
Come on.
-All right.
-This…
You take care of Nicho.
Go to Nicho.
-Honey--
-You're invited? Okay.
Even if you're invited,
don't you dare lay a finger on my mother!
Oh, no, please stop it!
He's a guest.
That's enough.
-Go away!
-Raja!
Raja!
Enough, let's get inside, honey.
Sumi.
Come on, hon. Let's just go inside.
If you want to indulge your cheap desires,
do it away from my mother
and not here, in my father's house!
Watch your mouth!
You can't shout like that.
You used to be a good kid.
But now, you've gone bad.
It's all because of your wife, right?
Just because she's a screenwriter,
everything is made into a drama. Right?
Ma'am, please watch your mouth.
Leave my wife out of this!
Enough, Raja.
Enough!
Your wife is shameless.
Ungrateful.
She can't take care of you
and always talks back to me.
She took you away from me.
How dare you point at me!
What's wrong with you?
Dear.
Now open your eyes.
Look at that!
Your wife is full of drama,
yet you dare to do that
to your own mother?
And you said that this party was tacky?
What kind of wife do you have?
Shut up!
Oh, my gosh!
Donda, stop.
-Calm down.
-Stay calm.
-You need to stay calm.
-Sumi.
-Bring her inside.
-I'm so embarrassed.
-Poor Donda.
-Oh, my God.
-I'm embarrassed, Sumi.
-Ma'am, this is the bill.
What is this!
You're crazy!
-Sumi, I'm so embarrassed.
-Stay calm.
Check, check.
Okay!
Move aside.
Later.
Ladies and flirty men,
have a nice evening,
that was the highlight of our event.
Great, right?
Give a round of applause.
That was character development.
Just acting.
It's all over now.
You can go home in peace.
Don't leave anything behind.
Please go home.
Hurry up.
Take care.
-Okay, bye.
-Let's go home.
We can't stay here. Let's go.
-I'm off then.
-Sure.
-All good?
-Yes.
Thank you.
Pick me up, honey!
It's our son.
Take me with you!
I just want to die!
You see that?
He humiliated me.
I want to die!
Take me with you!
-Did she mention ending it all?
-We'll see.
-Report this.
-Okay.
Take me with you.
To whom?
To Raja, of course.
I'm afraid she's going
to follow her husband for real.
Where is she going?
To the mall.
Her husband's up there.
-Heaven?
-Yes.
Oh, my God. All right then.
Honey, I need to go to the toilet.
Just keep it in the room,
otherwise it'll jump into the toilet.
-Yeah, you're right.
-Go on, then.
Hey, add one more.
Lord.
Lord Raja.
What is it?
Madame said she wanted to follow your dad.
-What should we do?
-I want to come with you.
He embarrassed me in front of my friends.
Take me with you, honey!
Hello?
You are cruel!
Mom.
You're so cruel, Raja.
You are!
Another revision?
All right, sir.
Mom.
You embarrassed me in front of my friends.
You said I'm not loyal to your father.
You actually dared to point in my face
in front of my friends.
Mom, I was wrong,
please forgive me, Mom.
I lost control.
I'm not supposed to treat you like that.
You're cruel, Raja.
You are cruel!
-I know.
-Just go!
All right, Mom.
You are cruel, Raja.
Yes, I know.
I was wrong and cruel.
I deserve to be punished.
And I won't stop until you forgive me.
Go away!
Take your wife with you,
the one you're always defending.
You better go!
If you don't go…
You won't find me breathing tomorrow.
Mom.
Honey.
How is she?
Honey?
Honey…
Honey, what's wrong with your hand?
What happened?
Where is Nicholas?
He is there.
What happened?
Get him prepared.
We'll leave this house tonight.
Mom.
You told Raja to leave this house?
Did you just kick us out?
That's what you want, right?
Are you satisfied now?
You win.
You took my son away!
What do you mean?
What are you even saying?
There's no such competition here.
Mom.
All this time
I thought of you as my own mother.
I love you dearly.
I respect you like my own mother.
No need to pretend.
You're full of drama!
You should be grateful you're even living
in my palace.
A Frog Palace?
The Frog Queen!
What?
You said I'm the Frog Queen?
That's not me. It's…
It's your voice!
No, it wasn't me.
Whatever!
Call me the Frog Queen,
or the Flying Head, the Jellyfish,
or the Gecko Queen.
Whatever!
Just go!
Go away!
-Dad.
-Yes, son.
Where are we going?
We are leaving this house.
You can sleep.
They are leaving.
What should we do?
-That's what I meant by "Bom Gom."
-Gomgom?
Bomb.
It has finally exploded.
Andara and Raja
have finally left the house.
I can't bear this.
It makes me so sad.
It ended up like this.
Apparently we're the bomb.
Your voice was so loud.
She heard it.
-What did I say?
-The frog queen.
I didn't say it out loud,
I was whispering.
I can't even hear my own voice.
So, what now?
Should we just admit it?
What are you saying?
You want to admit everything?
Just let it be.
They left this house and can afford
to buy a new one immediately.
But us?
-Yeah, that's true.
-We've just become her servants.
You'll be cut into pieces
and fed to frogs.
Do you want that?
No.
Nicholas, my grandson.
Don't you go and leave me alone.
I love you, Nicholas.
Raja…
Why did you leave me?
Honey! Help me!
Say something!
Where's your voice?
You're giving me a headache.
You kicked them out.
You're acting like a thug from the market.
If you don't care!
I'll rip your photo to shreds!
I'm tired!
You're so scary.
Your behavior hasn't changed at all,
has it?
I hate this!
My goodness.
Hi.
Did you regret it?
It's time to leave the house.
And I didn't expect that…
You can decorate this house
very beautifully.
I want us to create happy days here.
Perhaps to erase those dark days
in the Frog Palace.
You're really poetic.
Am I?
Yes, even more romantic
than a writer like me.
Seriously?
Yes!
Honey.
You still have to visit Mom often, okay?
How could Mom possibly forgive me?
I am a disobedient child.
A mother's love is much greater
than her anger.
She will definitely forgive you.
Yes, after this, I'll send the scenario.
I'm busy making breakfast
for my son and husband.
Eat first.
My gosh.
Mom, it's burnt.
Burnt?
Oh my…
Let me order some bread first. One moment.
Dear,
I'm running late.
Can you please take Nicho to school?
I have a meeting.
You want me to take him to school?
All right, just go.
Aren't you eating that?
Give it to me then.
It's burnt, Dad!
It doesn't matter.
It's a blessing from your Mom.
Be good.
-Bye, Dad!
-Bye!
-Take care, honey!
-Sure, bye!
Bye!
I want Grandma's cooking.
Because her cooking is really delicious!
I'll order a burger for you
at school later.
You like burger, right?
Right, I'll order a taxi first.
Gosh!
Yes, sir?
What are you doing?
Where is the script?
Don't wait any longer, send it now!
Why are you so slow?
I don't like this!
Send it now!
Okay, I'll send it now.
Drink your milk!
Oh, man…
Donda, be careful when you look
for a daughter-in-law next time.
-Don't choose the drama queen, it's scary!
-Indeed!
That's possible, only if you haven't found
an in-law. What about me?
But never mind. It's my house.
-I'm in control here.
-Yes.
-I refuse to be controlled.
-Correct!
-Agreed!
-Especially with his wife.
Andara and Raja, my son.
What's that look for?
You look like a ghost. What is it?
Mom.
Donda.
Raja.
What is it?
I just wanted to see how you're doing.
I'm doing fine.
As you can see.
I exercise.
I dance.
But it's not tacky dancing like you said.
I was wrong.
Don't forget to eat, okay, Mom?
I won't.
I'm going then.
Actually…
My son Raja, he still loves me.
Do you have a tissue?
…THEN HE SLAPPED ANDIEN WITH…
Oh, my, it's so late.
My goodness! I forgot to order a taxi.
Nicho.
Son.
Wake up, son.
It's already 8:00 a.m.
Come on, you're late.
I'll talk to the teacher later.
Hurry up!
Here!
Let's go!
Come on, dear!
Auntie.
What is it?
Water is out.
Madame, the gas is out.
You two…
Go ask Andara!
Andara is no longer living here.
You guys need to save up then!
If you're so thirsty, go drink the water
from the fish pond!
And you.
Stop gassing it so hard!
Slow down, hit the brakes!
Or it'll spray out and splatter
all over your face.
Let's find some firewood.
It looks like there's firewood stocked up
in the woods next door.
Andara, why are you so quiet?
You look hypnotized.
Are you under a spell?
Or did you get robbed?
-Scripts have been arriving late recently.
-True.
I'm sorry.
It actually makes my work
even more difficult.
Well, you know
what my mother-in-law is like.
Ever since I left that house,
I've been so exhausted.
Really. Everything is in disarray.
Housework, children, husband,
nothing is done.
I can't cook either.
Even my own son doesn't like my cooking.
He said it's burnt!
Whatever. Never mind.
I'm so tired.
Well, you know, in our line of work,
people just don't care.
Whether you have a problem or not,
it doesn't matter at all.
Anyway, for now… Hey!
Let's make our series
number one in ratings!
What if it gets stopped and wrapped?
No money!
No shopping!
-No more eating gudeg.
-Can't go shopping, right?
How long are we going to work like this?
-Why are you even asking?
-"How long?"
Andara as long as we need money,
we'll work until we get typhoid, jaundice.
-Until we get moldy!
-Man! God forbid.
Don't be like that!
-No! God forbid.
-Gosh! Working yet complaining.
-Or have no work and starve.
-No. Enough now.
-All right, let's continue.
-Yes.
Where were we with the synopsis?
-There she is. All right then.
-You talk to her. No, you!
What's wrong with this?
Hello, Auntie. Hello.
What is it?
-Aunty Donda.
-Yes?
We have been working together
for a long time, right?
So?
It's not enough work?
-Go dig a grave!
-Oh no.
Drain that snake-infested river!
Or you just go lift the Tampomas ship!
Is that not enough?
It's not that, Auntie.
-Look, we've worked for you for years.
-Yeah.
-How come we don't get paid?
Just straight to the point.
You need money, right?
Who do you think you are?
You've been living under my roof,
eating my food for free.
Just look at your belly, it's huge.
Because of what?
You stole my grandson's milk, didn't you?
You're as huge as an elephant
from all that!
Yet you're still ungrateful!
Well…
-But you promised us a salary.
-What?
What, you think I just grow money?
Oh, you two, really!
I helped you! I brought you here
from the village!
Should I take you back to the Bukit?
Enough! Go!
-But Auntie--
-What? Don't shout! Go away!
Yes, yes!
Going to the back now.
Just go!
She's stingy to the bone.
Rembulan!
Where are you?
Don't act like you didn't hear that!
Are you deaf? Rembulan!
Madame.
Earlier, I saw her
with all those suitcases.
She has work to do, doing a hair bun.
How bold she is!
She didn't even ask for my permission!
She's invisible like a ghost!
Never mind her.
Now, you should clean yourself up.
You smell like oil!
We're about to go out.
Raja is supposed to send me money today.
So, we'll go shop at the supermarket.
We'll buy diamonds!
Oh, thank you, Madame.
Not for you, it's for me!
Why should I buy you some?
Now go. Bathe yourself
in the water of seven flowers.
-You smell like a graveyard.
-Oh, my goodness.
Now?
On the doomsday!
Let's go.
Come on, let's go.
Sumi!
-Sumi!
-Yes, Madame.
-You're such a slowpoke!
-Wait…
Put on these glasses and hat first. Wait!
What's been keeping you?
Sumi!
Hey, you!
Why did you leave me?
Did you fly?
Or disappear?
Who is the one who left?
I've been the one left behind.
Don't be so fussy!
What are you doing?
Washing clothes.
See? Iced grass jelly.
I'm parched, you know.
I want some too, I'm thirsty.
Give me some!
Oh, I see.
I walk, you ride.
But you're the thirsty one?
Shut up!
-Delicious.
-It's delicious.
Give it to the horseman as well.
-Oh, the horseman?
-Yes!
Sure, why not for the horse too?
Do you want to try it?
You worry about the horse,
but not me. I'm fine by myself.
Don't be a nag!
-Give me two more.
-Hurry up!
Gosh, this kind of work is so hard!
What is it now, Sumi?
I'm sick of hearing your voice!
Because of you, I forgot to wave.
You're getting on my nerves, you know?
Don't start with me.
I'm sick of hearing you!
-Down that side. okay.
-Whatever, I'm just getting off!
It's all messy because of you.
-Why blame me? Sir, find a parking spot.
-Okay.
Call your boss, David.
Donda!
-Hey, David!
-Hello!
Gosh, I miss you.
-Oh, you, David!
-I miss you!
-Go on!
-I want to buy diamonds.
Please help me find the best one.
For you, try something like this, okay?
Here, take this.
-Wait!
-Which one?
I've had my eye on something
since last week. Where?
-This is it, I think.
-Bring it, here.
-Hurry up! Work faster!
-You can try it.
Let's take it out.
What's wrong with her?
Oh, so pretty!
Look, it's so pretty on your finger.
It's glowing!
-I'll take this one, pay quickly!
-Okay.
How much is this?
Give me the card.
Special price for you.
-How much?
-Ten percent.
You're really stingy!
You make a lot of profit!
You never give me a better deal.
How about 5%?
-Always 10%. I'm bored of hearing it.
-10% is big.
It's a great deal.
-But not like that.
-Come on.
-I'm a regular!
-Put it back.
-5% okay?
-Stay calm.
-Calm down.
-You talk too much.
You're so good at joking.
I really like it!
-All right.
-Pay now?
-Hurry up!
-Wait. Here.
Why is your hand shaking?
-Not used to all this sparkle.
-Here's my card.
This is a health insurance card.
-Oh, you, Sumi!
-Sorry.
Why did you give this to me?
I'm sorry, Madam.
-Is this the one?
-This is it.
-I have bad eyesight.
-It's correct. Indri, bring it here.
Here, your pin, please.
-Move!
-You're so fierce.
Don't look!
Done. Take a look.
-Declined.
-What's that mean?
Declined.
-I don't understand.
-It's rejected, Donda!
-So, what should I do?
-Let's try one more time, okay?
Gosh, Donda.
Put your pin slowly. Remember carefully.
-Move.
-Okay.
There.
Take a look first.
-Declined, okay?
-Why?
Just say it!
What's that mean?
Give me another card.
No other cards.
-Really?
-Are there any?
No, Madame.
Hand me my phone.
Here you go, Madame.
There's no way, it's impossible!
I have a lot money!
-My son always puts money into my account.
-But it's declined. And what's this?
-How come he hasn't sent me money?
-The card, sir. Thanks
-Good Morning.
-Morning
-Hello?
-Hello.
Hello, Donda.
What's your name again?
Tomsa.
Hey, you!
How dare you!
Don't tell me
you've taken my son's salary.
Why hasn't it hit my account yet?
I didn't receive any. Come on.
I've already sent it.
To Nicho's mom last week.
What?
To Andara?
You're crazy. Why did you send it to her?
Have you already forgotten whose son
Raja is?
If he hadn't helped you, you'd be dead!
Why did you say that?
-Enough! I'm sick of you!
-All right then.
Why did he send it to Andara?
He's really getting on my nerves!
-Let's go.
-Hey, where are you going?
-What?
-Don't take my ring.
Why is it so difficult?
I hate it!
There, there.
-What?
-This.
My dental plaque is worth more
than your entire self-esteem!
-Let's go, Sumi! Don't be too slow.
-Yes, Madame.
Raja.
Yes, Uncle.
Raja, your Mom just called me.
My ear bleeds.
What's going on between you and your Mom?
You were the one who requested
the transfer to Andara.
You're hiding something.
There's definitely something going on.
Just do your work properly.
Yes, sir.
Where is the report?
Have you sent it?
Andara!
Wait…
Mom.
You! You took my son away from me!
You stole my money!
You are indeed…
What kind of daughter-in-law are you?
What do you mean?
What do I mean, you said?
My son's money is mine!
Instead, you asked my son to transfer it
to your account!
Oh, it's you!
Do you have manners?
Mom, It must be a misunderstanding.
Like what?
-Let me explain--
-Enough!
I don't want to hear your voice!
I'll pull your tongue out!
I'll rip your vocal cords out!
Understand?
I hate you!
-Mom, Mom.
-Where's my shoes?
-Here, Mom.
-Stop it! Get off me! Move!
Shameless!
Oh my…
My goodness!
Why is it always me?
Now's the time to take her treasure
while she's away.
Are you sure we should take all this?
Why are you asking?
Obviously.
We are not stealing, here.
We're just taking our pay, our salary.
Understand?
-Agreed, just like Robin Hood, right?
-You…
-We're taking what is rightfully ours.
-Exactly!
My gosh, look at all of this.
Third year, fourth year…
How about this, honey? Look.
-Not bad, honey.
-Right.
Hurry! Don't leave anything behind.
She's doomed!
There are still so many
of her treasures here.
-I'm sorry, Uncle.
-Forgive me, Uncle.
It's our rights. Not stealing.
Honey!
-I really want to wear that.
-Do you?
Let's see.
-It suits you better.
-Right?
Do we already look like rich people?
Rich people, hon.
Dad's home.
Dad!
Hey.
Staying in all day?
Hi, dear.
Why are you frowning?
Dad, Grandma came here earlier.
Grandma must be missing you.
Not that.
She is angry with Mom.
Play with your dad, okay?
Here, play with the T-Rex, okay?
One moment.
What's wrong with my mom?
Did you send your salary to me?
Yes.
Why?
You asked.
You want to get a taste of what I earn,
right?
Who asked for it?
I never did.
I told you, I never got a taste
of your salary.
But that doesn't mean I'm asking for it.
I'm giving in.
Now because you sent me the salary,
I'm the one getting blamed.
She is angry.
It's always my fault.
And I'm stuck in the middle.
I can't choose between you and my mother.
You two are the women I love the most.
Who asked you to choose?
I never asked you to.
I get it, I understand our situation.
Don't ever send your salary to me again.
I still have a lot of deadlines.
Take care of Nicho.
Sumi!
Yes, Madame.
What's wrong?
Where are my earrings?
My ear studs?
They're not here. All gone!
Look at these.
Who took it?
You took it all, huh?
God is the Greatest! I didn't take them.
No way!
You definitely took it all!
I swear on my ancestors,
I did not take them!
Then who did it?
Wait a minute.
Gomgom and Sondang haven't been around
since yesterday.
Impossible! Them? They're my people!
Don't you ever dare accuse my family!
You must have taken it!
Me? Why me?
Don't be ridiculous!
You thief!
-Why am I the one being accused?
-I never thought you'd do this to me.
How could you!
All gone!
I can't sell this.
My goodness gracious!
Where are they?
What a mess.
Could it be that…
Oh, Sumi is right.
Left without saying goodbye.
All my belongings are gone.
Don't tell me they really did it.
What's this?
Thank you so much, Auntie.
Our salaries for the last seven years
have been paid off completely.
Always with love,
from Gomgom and Sondang.
I've been living with thieves
this whole time!
May you never be safe,
no matter where you go!
You crushed my heart!
You're both evil!
Have no shame!
My devotion has been completely in vain.
Leaving behind bad memories
just because of slander!
Even though I'm a victim.
Divide et impera!
Goodbye, Madame.
Goodbye, Frog Palace.
MY HUSBAND BIRTHDAY
It's my son's birthday.
That's right.
Where's my phone?
Where is my phone?
Happy birthday, my dear husband.
My honey.
My Raja.
May you live a long life, honey.
I can't live without you.
Stay healthy, honey.
Raja!
Yes, Mom?
What's wrong with you?
Did you forget what day today is?
What day is it?
It's your birthday, son.
Did you forget?
Where is your wife?
She's asleep.
Have you sliced the bread?
Or cut the cake?
Maybe blow out the candles?
Never mind.
I'm past the age of blowing out candles.
Just pray for me, okay?
So, I can make you happy.
You are the best, Mom.
I love you.
I still feel guilty
about what I did to you.
Just forget it.
You don't need to talk about that anymore.
I've already forgotten all about it.
I just want to say
happy birthday to you, Raja.
Live a long life, always healthy, okay?
May you, your child,
and your wife be happy.
So, when are you coming here?
I miss you very much.
I will cook for you later.
Your favorite food.
Arsik fish, mashed cassava leaves
with torch ginger flower.
You favorite.
Thank you, Mom.
Take care of your health, okay?
I love you, Mom.
I'll wait for you
until you come here.
I miss you so much.
All right.
I will be home soon.
Take care, okay?
-Happy birthday to you
-Happy birthday to Dad
-Happy birthday, happy birthday
Why are we blowing candles?
Of course, I've prepared it for you.
Blow it first.
Thank you, my dear.
Happy birthday, my love.
Thank you, my dear son.
Happy birthday, Dad.
Thank you.
We'll have lunch together
with Mom later, okay?
-Really?
-Yes.
-I've booked the table already.
-Thanks.
-Yay! We'll go to Grandma's house!
-Sure.
What's wrong?
Does it hurt?
Not feeling well.
Let's just go to the hospital
for a checkup.
No, no need.
Or maybe…
God wants to take me today?
Where are you going?
Can I come?
Stop it.
Don't say things like that.
You too, Nicho.
If you guys left me,
who else do I have?
It's not funny.
I don't want you to talk like that.
Just kidding.
-It's your birthday today.
-I know.
Whatever you say, God hears as a prayer.
-I don't want you to leave me too soon.
-All right.
I'll prepare the car.
I'll change my clothes, then.
So that we can wear matching clothes.
Good boy.
Okay.
-All right then. Sure.
-Let's go.
You're smart. Our pictures
will look great later.
Dad?
Wait.
Honey?
Honey, what's wrong?
Oh, my God, honey.
Honey, what's wrong? Honey?
Honey, wake up.
This isn't funny.
Honey…
Dad! Wake up, Dad!
Wake up!
Help!
Dad, wake up!
-Dad, wake up!
-Honey, no!
Where's my son?
My son, Raja.
-Mom.
-Where is my son Raja?
He's there, Mom.
Doctor, where's my son Raja?
How is my husband, Doctor?
Ma'am, I'm sorry.
He died on the way here.
No way!
-Honey…
-My son, Raja…
Wake up, son!
Wake up!
-Wake up, my dear son.
-Dad.
My handsome son.
-Dad!
-Wake up, son.
Honey, wake up.
Why did you leave me, son?
Doctor, wake him up.
Bring him back!
I'll give you my all!
We are sorry, Ma'am.
-Wake up, Dad!
-My son…
-Don't leave me, Dad.
-Wake up, wake up!
-Dad!
-I'm here, son…
Wake up, my son…
Wake up!
-Wake up, my beloved son.
-Wake up, Dad…
Wake up, son.
Wake up, Dad! Wake up…
Wake up, Raja!
Dad, wake up…
OUR DEEPEST CONDOLENCES ON THE PASSING OF
RAJA PARTOGI GULTOM
FROM UNSURE EXPRESS CARGO
Raja…
I'm here to see you.
You're the only one we had, Raja.
Why did you leave us?
Raja… Why must this happen, sister?
She's the killer!
-She is the murderer!
-You can't say that.
You killed my son!
Look! Her eyes are dry!
Where are your tears?
You can't say that to her.
You are indeed the murderer of my son!
I will never forgive you!
Please don't do that.
You are the murderer of my son!
She is my son's murderer!
-Enough now. Stay calm.
-She's fooling me.
Look at her!
No tears at all.
Enough now.
Help her!
Stand up, Donda.
Raja is gone.
What?
Here he is.
Look at him.
But he doesn't want to eat.
I usually eat with him.
He used to accompany me at the table
whenever I ate.
Yes, he's there but he no longer eats.
Why doesn't he want to eat?
Does he have a toothache?
No, he's a healthy kid,
there's no way he's sick.
Raja, wake up.
Let's eat.
I've made your favorite food.
My child.
My son…
Nicho.
You should eat, okay?
Eat a lot.
If your Dad were here,
he'd definitely want you to eat a lot.
He wants you to be healthy.
Come on, son.
Eat a lot.
My son is smart, right?
Don't be sad, Mom.
I'm here for you.
I don't have any appetite anymore.
Look at this.
Frog, open your ears.
Can you hear how sad my heart is?
My son is no longer here.
Oh, Raja…
Why did you leave, son?
I'm so sad.
It breaks my heart, son.
You knew it from the beginning
We can't leave this house.
I inherited it from my father.
And what about my Mom?
If we leave, she'll be all alone.
Dear.
For me,
you are the best wife and the best mother.
Please be patient.
Mom.
Grandma.
Grandma?
Mom?
Mom.
Grandma.
-Mom?
-Mom, is she dead like Dad?
What?
Why would I die?
Grandma!
This side, Mom.
So you guys are here.
Yes, Mom.
We missed you so much.
Especially Nicholas.
He asks for you every day.
He said he couldn't wait to see you.
This house is so quiet.
They're all gone.
Do you want to live here?
Tell me.
Mom, can we move back here?
Please, Mom.
Yay! We're moving to here again!
Please forgive me.
I'm selfish.
I was always trying to win on my own.
But I've realized Raja doesn't
belong to me alone.
I should be the one apologizing to you.
I'm sorry, Mom.
You…
Even though I have a sharp tongue,
which often hurts your feelings.
I truly care about you.
I love my grandson.
Don't ever leave me again.
Promise me.
Yes, Mom.
I promise.
I will learn to be a good daughter-in-law
for you.
And, Mom…
I want to serve you.
As soon as I left this house, I realized…
I need you.
There's no one
to remind me to eat anymore.
There's no one to discipline me.
Manage me.
My cooking isn't good.
He didn't like it, saying it was burnt.
That's why
we need other people in this life.
We should always stay together,
that's important.
My daughter.
Mom.
You are my daughter.
Don't ever leave me again.
I can get rid of these wrinkles
without surgery using this product.
Good night, honey.
May you be happy with Raja.
I'm so sad.
Ever since you left us.
But it's okay.
You have Raja by your side now.
You really like joking around.
Yes, sir.
I'm really sorry.
I can't continue.
Right now I have to focus on taking care
of my son and mother-in-law.
And I'm planning to quit writing, sir.
Hey, are you the director?
-Hello, Ma'am.
-Producer.
Hey, Mr. Producer.
She actually wants to do this job.
Only if…
Well…
You increase her salary, okay?
So she can do her best.
Increase her salary?
You know.
She is a new widow.
It's still fresh.
Got it, sir?
We can discuss that.
Just tell Andara to come to the office.
Okay, Ma'am?
That's great.
Great.
Thank you, sir.
I have no appetite.
How can you feed your son
without any money?
It's not like that, Mom.
What is it then?
I just don't want to make
the same mistake again.
My dear, you're an adult.
You are not a donkey,
who repeats its mistakes.
Understand?
Yes, Mom.
Oh, yeah.
Now I know.
My mind is open.
What?
How about this?
I'm so smart, stylish, and good at acting.
I'm really good.
You take a video later.
And it will be shared everywhere
to those children these days.
-Viral?
-Yeah, dancing.
Something like that.
I can cook.
She is good at cooking, singing,
dancing, farming, and gardening.
I can plant them all.
Wherever it is. Right.
Do you want to go viral?
Yes. That's it,
I want to be a celebrity.
-Mom wants to be a celebrity?
-Exactly! Right.
I know how to act.
-I want you to record me, okay?
-Okay.
-I'll go like this.
-Mom…
Let's do it.
I can dance like this.
I can sing.
I can strike a pose.
Don't worry about it.
I'm tired, need a rest.
-Slow down.
-My hand! Be good, okay?
I'm scared…
I think the goat is scared too.
-I know, but we have to do it.
-All right then.
It's okay.
Your life will be good here.
Let's hope Auntie is willing
to take us back.
She'll give you any name, just accept it.
Hey, thieves!
You guys are thieves!
Where do you think you're going?
Oh, you're asking for trouble, huh!
What's all that noise?
You're a troublemaker!
What happened?
Hey, you!
What are you doing here?
Are you guys brainless, or what!
That's right, you're thieves.
Are you a person or a ghost?
A person.
Then, where's your brain?
Where is everything you stole?
Here, Auntie.
It's now a goat.
You're crazy!
If I had known from the start
you were thieves,
I would rip out your brains
and fold your intestines!
-That's so scary.
-Please don't.
Please forgive us.
Hey, Andara, you came back.
Sumi, why are you here?
I asked her to come back.
To help us at home.
Did you know that she's the one
I accused?'
Sis!
Auntie.
-Who are you?
-It's me, Rembulan.
You once said, "I'll get a husband
who is on my level."
But what is this?
What do you mean?
He's a security guard,
but that's just a part-time job.
He's a musician.
Songwriter, composer, singer.
Well, there's another side job.
-Dancing, like back then.
-I see.
-But now he's only dancing with me.
-Only with you.
You're showing off!
You're so cheeky and flirtatious,
you're so clingy to him.
You're basically want to move back in,
right?
Yes, I used to be arrogant.
But with Pongki here with me,
my world that was once dark…
is now blooming with color.
Auntie Rembulan, how did you meet him?
And get married so quickly?
That's a really long story.
The director cut it short.
He said it was really wild.
Wilder than what's in the videos.
Which video?
Where's the video, which one?
What's in the video?
-Let's see, how is it?
-Show it to us.
-Not this one, oh this? Wait.
-Yes, that's okay.
Oh, my!
-Close his eyes. Close them.
-Don't look.
Is it over?
I think so.
Not to be continued?
How should I know?
All right, then.
Wow, so many.
"You don't look old enough
to have a grandson."
What do you mean?
I look bad?
Your eyes are crossed!
I'm beautiful.
Sorry not sorry.
I am beautiful, because I always take care
of my skin and my face.
My skin is glowing!
Because I always use serum.
The serum that always…
Your eyeballs.
My fish, thank you for always
accompanying the queen here.
In this house.
It got me wet!
They're chatty today, huh?
You naughty kids.
You'll go to hell.
"Mom, you look shiny."
Of course.
Morning and evening.
Dusk and night.
I'll arrive
before the vengeful ghost does.
I always use this, darling.
"My son-in-law is lazy,
should I whip him?"
Whip him with a white whip, okay?
If it's thundering rain, you whip him.
If you don't whip him,
I'll whip him with a bull whip.
So many questions.
My cook is take a while then.
Ouch! See?
It's hot as well.
For mothers,
so that your husband will feel at home,
in the bed of love, of marriage,
so that it'll be an eternal provision.
Don't forget to use these products. Okay?
Here. This.
This is the best product on earth,
MK Cosmetics.
It's suitable for hot weather.
The air here is nice, isn't it?
It's not too hot.
It's cool!
So hot.
Why is this world so hot?
This is called MK Skin Cream.
Skin, okay?
MK Skin Cream.
It's mating season for you, huh?
Do you want a girl?
I'll find you one later, my dear child.
So your skin is as smooth as mine.
Because I always use serum.
Always use serum, so my skin is glowing.
Night cream, day cream, dusk cream.
Use these. okay, dear?
All my darlings, all the children
of the queen, Frog Queen's child.
Bye!
Okay, I'm going for a walk
by the rice field.
What?
Go home!
Watch out! Pickpocket!
Go!
Watch your belongings.
Don't forget your kids!
Sumi!